---
layout: post
title: 'Thoughts - Bull'
date: 2018-06-04
cover: 'https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915h9Q3ds-L._RI_.jpg'
tags: TV-Drama
---

> Bull is an American drama television series starring Michael Weatherly. CBS ordered the program to series on May 13, 2016, and it premiered on September 20, 2016. The show is based on the early days of talk show host Dr. Phil McGraw's career, when he was a trial consultant. On October 17, 2016, CBS picked up the series for a full 22 episode season.An additional episode was ordered in November. On March 23, 2017, CBS renewed the series for a second season, which premiered on September 26, 2017. On April 18, 2018, CBS renewed the series for a third season.
>
> ——— Wikipedia

Yes I am lazy I know.

### General Feedback

All in all it is still a satisfying experience to watch the series because of the diverse topics and categories of the
cases presented and the charming in-house council Benjamin Colon. I am strangely less attracted to  the tech guy -
in this case a rather beautiful girl “Cable”, probably due to my some knowledge in the related fields. Since I know really nothing about
trials and laws, I find the attorney super cool.

### Comments on the last episode in Season 2

It is certainly heavy and worthy enough to conclude the entire season with a death penalty case, and as an audience I am more than delighted to see a happy ending. However, I would like to point out some flaws in the narrative.

1. Another deus ex machina ending.

    I could see that the writer is trying to create a drastic reverse in the plot - convicted guilty first, and overruled the entire verdict. However, it is not handled very delicately. Despite some preparation such as “cigarettes” and “limping” in the expansion of the case, as an audience, it is not enough for me to accept the existence of another suspect, let alone acquitted the current one.


2. Mrs O’Neil’s confusing testimony.

    It is rather strange for her in the first scene to testify with such confidence, which was shown to be wrong in later development of the show. By her confession, she did not wear the glasses during the witnessing of the crime. Let’s imagine she as a normal person (probably not so normal since she was emotionally related to the victims), I always feel that identifying a person as a murderer requires certain courages, not because of the potential vengeance and danger, but the moral burden it might have on you if it is a false identification. I would not dare to make such testimony with uncertainty.


3. Cheesy move on the defendant’s girlfriend.

    As an audience again I do not present professional opinion on trials or legal matters alike, but I feel the plaintiff should have a higher winning chance even without attempting to influence the defendant’s girl friend. To me it looks like a sloppy move, and it should not have been done in the first place.

### Conclusion

The entire show are generally satisfying and recommended for people if you want to watch something during dinner. It is definitely not hardcore enough for legal drama, unlike “the Practice”, yet I could not finish the latter due to its less dramatic way of narrative (yes I am this shallow), it focuses more on the small people and subsequently the conscience of the audiences, as compared to another popular legal drama “Suits”.

On the emotional storyline, it is rather less developed and I wonder why.  It could be turned into a good relationship and then stories could be spun off with conflicting of interests, thus the growth of characters and etc. Probably the writer has something to offer in the next season. It is a good show and many well built characters so far, please do not waste it.

Looking forward to season 3.

