---
title: "Music Practice Diary - 27th Sept 2020"
thumbnailImagePosition: "left"
thumbnailImage: https://www.musicnotes.com/images2/promos/store/900x520_piano-min.jpg
coverImage: https://www.musicnotes.com/images2/promos/store/900x520_piano-min.jpg
metaAlignment: center
coverMeta: out
date: 2020-09-26
categories:
- music
- piano
- diary
---

This week is on K310 1st movement (progressing) and the Tempest sonata.
<!--more-->

I realise I don't have the patience (sadly) to write a diary for each day, because I don't want to feel like I am forcing myself writing it. However, I do feel like summarizing what has been achieved over the week.

So the two primary practice goal starting on Sunday was the first page of the Tempest, and the left hand melodic line in K310 1st movement. Apparently I have played the Tempest too romantically, as it was pointed out by my friend there. Glad to see it's corrected today.

I started to feel more comfortable for Mozart's left hand accompaniment, tempo was under control, at least more under control than before. The fast run was smoother than before, but I am still struggling with trills (better than before, but still not quite there yet). I also need more time spent on the left hand melody, it's a good technique to drill on.

I am considering adding melodic and harmonic minor scales into my daily routine practice, since I am quite familiar with the major scales. 

BTW my left hand fingers hurt a lot now due to the left hand pizz practice in the Guitar lesson, gonna drop it as I wanted to focus more on the piano.

Well life is just short and you will have to choose. 

> Only primary school students make choices, adults take it all

Is that so?